docs: adds some details in the README (#1)
sighphyre/UnleashAndRedis: README.md

# Unleash With Remote Segment

> This repo is to demonstrate how Unleash can be used with a Segment or set of constraints that are too large to fit into memory/pipe over network.

Reviewer: Could you elaborate a bit on what "too large" means? When is it too large? How do you know it's too large? You do talk about it a bit in the following sections, but I think it would be useful to have an abbreviated version of that in the first paragraph too.

Author: Oh excellent point! What about this: https://github.com/sighphyre/UnleashAndRedis/pull/1/commits/b3c86833eadd2f95c91f10f344d86458eaacb444

> This repo is to demonstrate how Unleash can be used with a Segment or set of constraints that are too large to fit into memory/pipe over network. There's no hard rule for what too large means but a constraint with over a hundred values is where you'd want to start looking into this approach.

Reviewer: Better! But I'm still not sure it answers what I was looking for. Does this work? Marginally different, perhaps, but slightly more comprehensive?

```suggestion
This repo demonstrates a way to use Unleash with large segments and complex constraints that are too large to easily fit in memory or be sent over the network. 

As the number and complexities of [segments](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/segments) and [constraints](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/strategy-constraints) grow, so does the amount of data that Unleash must transmit to its SDKs. 

There's no hard rule for what "too large" means, but if you are using close to a hundred values or more for a constraint, then you should start look into into this approach.
```

Author: Yeah, I like it

## What is this?

This is a simple example to demonstrate how you can use an external datastore along side Unleash to build a toggle strategy that resolves to `true` when a user is present in a potentially extremely large set of users. This does the check to see if a user is part of a list in a Redis instance, instead of using a constraint directly. This means the that your list of users can be as large as you want without impacting the performance of your Unleash SDK.

## Why can't you do this with Unleash directly?

> There's no limit on the number of constraints that you can add to a toggle so to be clear, you _can_ do this with Unleash directly but you definitely _shouldn't_ do this with Unleash directly. Unleash is designed to be a feature flagging service and not a data store.

Reviewer: That first sentence runs on a little much, I think. Maybe we could rewrite it to something like this? I also suggest changing the heading to "shouldn't" instead of "can't", but I'll let you make the final call on that one.

```suggestion
## Why shouldn't you do this with Unleash directly?

There's no limit on the number of constraints that you can add to a toggle, so you might think that using Unleash directly in this way would be a good idea. **It's not.** Unleash is designed to be a feature flagging service and not a data store.
```

Author: I love it
